http://www.housejoy.in/help/faq

Q1. Do I still need to pay a fee, if you can’t repair my computer?
Ans- There are two kind of charges- Visiting charge and Inspection charge. If the device is not repairable, a minimal visit 
charge might be applicable (depending on your city). However, the Inspection charge is only applicable if the device is 
repairable and you decide NOT to go ahead with the repair, after inspection.

"But we should not charge even if the device is repairable and the customer denies for our service.But we could charge him a little 
for all the consultancy our engineer provide him including traveling charges."

Q2. Do you provide material and/or service warranty?
ANs- Warranty or guarantee on parts are offered as described on the material’s bill. Please insist on a material bill from the 
service provider, in case of external material charges. Regarding service, there is a 7 days warranty, such that if a problem of 
the same nature reoccurs, our services will be free of cost.

"We could try to provide 15-30 days service warranty"


Q3. Are the candidates you send qualified ?
Ans- Absolutely! We only bring in professionals who have been recommended and certified by experts. We conduct interviews, check 
referrals, licenses, and do background checks on each and every service provider. Only those professionals who pass our strict 
onboarding process are allowed to work with Housejoy. All professionals are also required to complete an assessment test to 
verify their qualifications. Most of them have more than 8 years of experience in his/her field.

"Still need to answer this question."


http://www.jeeves.co.in/repair-service-center-home-doorstep/laptop-bangalore/itproducts-breakdown-service.aspx

Our Service Charges
Service options 	Rates (in Rs)
Support at Home 	Remarks
Computer Setup 	750 	
Data Backup Large 	750 	
Data Backup Standard 	750 	
Data Recovery 	499 To 1000 	Function of size of data
Email Setup 	750 	
Hardware Installation 	750 	
Printer Setup 	750 	
Software Install & Setup 	750 	
Virus & Spyware Removal 	750 	
Technology Consultation 	750 	Need Based
Training 	750 	Need Based
Wireless Networking 	750 	
Modem Repair 	750 	
Hardware Repair 	upto 750 	Based on assessment
Printer Troubleshooting 	upto 750 	Based on assessment
Jeeves Service Warranty

"Jeeve has a great network across country but it is charging high and also not operating in Chandigarh"

We are confident of our work and offer a 90-day service warranty.

"Providing great warranty on their services"

Use of Genuine Spares
Many people believe in saving a few rupees by buying/using duplicate parts which are “as good as the original”. It is always 
advisable to use genuine parts which have been tested for reliability.This will allow you to enjoy optimum product performance 
and will not compromise other critical parts of the product.Cost of a repeat failure is usually more than the saving from using
a duplicate part.

"We must follow this rule"


http://chipsolutions.net/

We repair IBM, HP, Lenovo, Dell, Sony, Toshiba laptops and more at very affordable cost only for Rs350,
"Charging fixed amount of money"

If you go to any Local Computer Repair shop for Your Laptop Repair then he will never be Repair your Laptop in front of you and 
give you little time and he will change your computer parts and he can do fraud Activity with your system, your system will be 
working well and good for a few days but after it will create a random problem so please don’t try doing this and Repair Your 
Laptop at Your home.
We never say that you repair your laptop through our company, but you should be aware when you are proceeding to Laptop repair.
Attempt to restore your laptop in front of you so that no one cannot lift your laptop components. If you ring to us, then our
company Professional Laptop Engineers will come at your home for laptop repair and computer repair service.

"Point to be worked on"
